src/docs/error-messages.md, before:

# List of possible Error Messages

This will help you decypher and fix all possible error messages. 

**NOTE:** you have to enable `debugMode` to be able to see the error messages.

| Message | Cause(s) |
| ------- | ------ |
| Game state is already initialized! | You have already called `FSCanvasEngine.initGameState()` game state can only be initialized once. Please make sure that this method is referenced only once. |
| Game state is not yet initialized when trying to build a block. | You have to instantiate `FSCanvasEngine` (`FSCanvasEngine.getInstance()`) and call `FSCanvasEngine.initGameState()` before trying to build a block | 
| The screen is already set up! | The screen is already initialized once, it can not be initialized twice.|
| Game state has to be initialized before building a block! | The game state is not initialized yet. Please follow the initialization steps [javascript-api](./javascript%20API/javascript-api.md)|
| Not valid texture at buildBlock() | Texture must be a FSCE Texture - use texture builder to convert your image or tilemap to FSCE Textures. Consult [all-methods.md](./javascript%20API/all-methods.md) for texture builder and converter methods.|
| This block ID already exists! | The block ID is already occupied in `gameState.assetStore.blocks[]` please remove or try with a different name! **IMPORTANT: block names (IDs) meant to be unique** |
| Game state is not initialized! Make sure that game state is set before building textures! | You tried to build a texture before game state is initialized |
| Texture with this identifier, already exists! | The ID you're trying to use is already taken within `gameState.assetStore.textures[]` try deleting or giving a different id |
| Could not load image texture! | Most likely your image path is incorrect. Please make sure that your image path is correct, then check if the file is healthy and not a broken file. If anything breaks during the image loading this error will be triggered. |
| Block store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game state before trying to remove a block from the block store `gameState.assetStore.blocks[].remove()` |
| Texture store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game state before trying to remove a texture from the texture store `gameState.assetStore.textures[].remove()` |
| Sprite store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game store before trying to remove a sprite from the sprite store! |
| Gamestate is not initialized for layer operations! | You have to initialize game state before doing layer operations (create, remove, add to) | 
| Layer name already exists! | Layer names have to be unique! |
| Layers are not initialized or no layer present! | You have to initialize game state, and create a layer to be able to insert an Item (Sprite or Block) into a layer! |
| Block store is not ready! | The game state is not yet initialized or block store does not contain any blocks. Create one using `FSCE.buildBlock()` or make sure your block is properly created and game state is available |

Commit message:

added keypress action dispatch into gameState.actions[]

src/docs/error-messages.md, after:

# List of possible Error Messages

This will help you decypher and fix all possible error messages. 

**NOTE:** you have to enable `debugMode` to be able to see the error messages.

| Message | Cause(s) |
| ------- | ------ |
| Game state is already initialized! | You have already called `FSCanvasEngine.initGameState()` game state can only be initialized once. Please make sure that this method is referenced only once. |
| Game state is not yet initialized when trying to build a block. | You have to instantiate `FSCanvasEngine` (`FSCanvasEngine.getInstance()`) and call `FSCanvasEngine.initGameState()` before trying to build a block | 
| The screen is already set up! | The screen is already initialized once, it can not be initialized twice.|
| Game state has to be initialized before building a block! | The game state is not initialized yet. Please follow the initialization steps [javascript-api.md](./javascript%20API/javascript-api.md)|
| Not valid texture at buildBlock() | Texture must be a FSCE Texture - use texture builder to convert your image or tilemap to FSCE Textures. Consult [all-methods.md](./javascript%20API/all-methods.md) for texture builder and converter methods.|
| This block ID already exists! | The block ID is already occupied in `gameState.assetStore.blocks[]` please remove or try with a different name! **IMPORTANT: block names (IDs) meant to be unique** |
| Game state is not initialized! Make sure that game state is set before building textures! | You tried to build a texture before game state is initialized |
| Texture with this identifier, already exists! | The ID you're trying to use is already taken within `gameState.assetStore.textures[]` try deleting or giving a different id |
| Could not load image texture! | Most likely your image path is incorrect. Please make sure that your image path is correct, then check if the file is healthy and not a broken file. If anything breaks during the image loading this error will be triggered. |
| Block store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game state before trying to remove a block from the block store `gameState.assetStore.blocks[].remove()` |
| Texture store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game state before trying to remove a texture from the texture store `gameState.assetStore.textures[].remove()` |
| Sprite store is not initialized! | You have to initialize game store before trying to remove a sprite from the sprite store! |
| Gamestate is not initialized for layer operations! | You have to initialize game state before doing layer operations (create, remove, add to) | 
| Layer name already exists! | Layer names have to be unique! |
| Layers are not initialized or no layer present! | You have to initialize game state, and create a layer to be able to insert an Item (Sprite or Block) into a layer! |
| Block store is not ready! | The game state is not yet initialized or block store does not contain any blocks. Create one using `FSCE.buildBlock()` or make sure your block is properly created and game state is available |
| Actions is not initialized to attach controllers! | You have to initialize game state to have `gameState.actions[]`. It seems like initialization wasn't successful. After successful initialization you can add controllers to **items** follow [javascript-api.md](./javascript%20API/javascript-api.md) for initialization steps |
